Wow I'm gonna make a video on this I
gotta make a video so I've noticed this
trend or this pattern with tech
youtubers and fortnight gameplay footage
now fortnight is not a super easy game
it'd take a little bit of time and skill
to get good at it it takes time and
effort to showcase some really high
level gameplay we're not asking for that
we're not ninja but we're looking for
footage that just is a little bit better
than what we've been seeing because
there's this this theme there's this
reoccurring theme that tech youtubers
have with their for tonight footage that
I'm just gonna call the five sins a
fortnight gameplay the first thing I
don't want to see is gameplay footage of
the lobby like the game hasn't started
yet you're waiting for players to log
into the server and you're literally
standing around doing nothing this is
terrible footage you're not even on the
bus yet now speaking of the bus that's
number two stop showing footage of you
jumping off the bus please if there's
one thing our audience has seen a
thousand times its players jumping off
the bus you got to stop with that
the third sin is going around collecting
materials without ever actually using
them so the purpose of collecting those
materials is to build stuff so lets you
build something number four is walking
around on an empty field doing nothing
like you'll see texts youtubers just
walking in a straight line there's
bullets going by their head there's guns
and loot and bullets on the ground they
don't pick it up it's like what are you
doing play the game like it's it's I'm
not asking you to get amazing kills
you're gonna die 99 of the hundred
players are gonna die every single game
so it's okay if you die at least attempt
to do something while you're alive and
then the ultimate sin number five is
when tech youtubers die they will use
the spectate footage to showcase
whatever hardware they're showcasing it
kills me it kills me that you couldn't
spend the effort or the time to get your
own footage to go out and try to get a
kill it's like what are you doing it's
it's not the fact that people aren't
amazing at the game I'm
so terrible the game but spend the
effort spend the time show your audience
something a little less boring and
jumping off the bus waiting in the lobby
and using spectator footage because at
the end of the day tech YouTube channels
that use this type of footage are
usually good channels they make great
content well shot well edited well
produced and then when you cut corners
by putting footage like this into your
videos it's not the move
[Music]